Add documetation explaining basic proxy config (#732)
RoadieHQ/marketing-site: content/docs/custom-plugins/proxy/index.md

> ---

Reviewer: Maybe add a mention and a link to the IP allowlist somewhere on this page to possibly tell customers that this is the way they could self-host custom backend plugin in their own infra

Author: Will do thanks.

![proxy.png](proxy.png)
### Setup

#### Step 1. Configure the Proxy

You can navigate to `/administration/settings/proxy`. Click "Add Proxy" to add a new proxy.

Enter a Path (e.g. `/my-api`) and a target API (e.g. `https://my-api.com/api`)

Expand the "Advanced Settings" and click "Add Item" next to the "Headers" section. Add a header with the name "Authorization" and the value "bearer ${CUSTOMER_TOKEN_1}"

![customProxy.png](customProxy.png)

Click save and Apply and Restart.

#### Step 2 Configure the API secret
Next visit the secrets configuration page `/administration/settings/secrets`. Click the edit icon beside `CUSTOMER_TOKEN_1` and set a value for the token and press "Save".

![customer-token-1-save.png](customer-token-1-save.png)

#### Step 3 Calling the API

You can call this API from the Backstage window context in a browser via a Custom Backstage plugin:

```javascript
fetch('/api/proxy/my-api')
```

## Authenticated Proxy

Roadie provides a custom proxy service that can be configured to proxy through an access token minted by our own authentication system that can be validated by your third party service.

> This gives a custom plugin a way to interact with your own service. That service can authenticate the incoming requests from Roadie.

Reviewer 2: Actually, what do you think?

> This gives a custom plugin a way to interact with your own service. That service can authenticate the incoming requests from Roadie.

Author: I think it is for custom plugins. This page is in the custom plugins section. Why do you think it's not for custom plugins?

![authenticatedProxyDiagram.png](authenticatedProxyDiagram.png)

### Setup
#### Step 1. Configure the Proxy

You can navigate to /administration/settings/authenticatedProxy. Click add item to add a new proxy.

![authenticatedProxyConfig.png](authenticatedProxyConfig.png)

Enter a Path (e.g. `/my-api`) and a target API (e.g. `https://my-api.com/api`) as follows:

![myTest.png](myTest.png)

Click save and Apply and Restart and wait for the restart. It can take up to about two minutes for the change to be applied.

#### Step 2 Calling the API

You can call this API from the Backstage window context in a browser via a Custom Backstage plugin:

```javascript
fetch('/api/authenticated-proxy/my-api')
```

#### Step 3 Authenticate the Request

> The API configured in the Authenticated proxy target will recieve a token in the authorization bearer containing an access token. This token can be sent to the roadie Authentication system to retrieve an id representing the logged in Backstage user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The API configured in the Authenticated proxy target will receive a token in the authorization header containing an access token. This token can be sent to the roadie Authentication system to retrieve an id representing the logged in Backstage user.
```
